In previous episodes....
Don't let down a classmate
And I surely will get the money to pay the rent
Real estates. That's where the money is.
Your father, who was considered dead for the past 10 years, is alive.
I even took pictures
Taxi! That's where the money is.
..... or porn....
Ich habe Ihre pizza gebracht
He unzipped his pants, pulled it out and it was all pum-ped up...
Do I speak German or Czech????
I have been saying it all the time. The money is in taxi driving.
Hey...... can I use your car?
The hotdog vendor is having an affair with the blonde librarian
And why are you telling me this?!
Spying on just one person is really boring.
I even took pictures
The Taxi driver
I will pay you back this week. I promise.
I sold a lawn mower, for 200$, you know...
But you do not have any lawn mower
And mine is well hidden
The neighbour left his one outside........overnight
You kidding me??
Really! What a jerk, right?
You can't just steal his lawn mower........ you have to return it.
Done.
Pardon?
He is the guy I sold it to.
I painted it so it looks like the tiny German tanks you fool with every weekend and told him its German import.
Oh, so now it looks like Wehrmacht tank.
Where what?
Go see for yourself. He is currently mowing the old Polish guy's lawn. He is riding through the garden like if it was his own.
Dude..... it is the guy who wanted me to pick him up at the bank. He was wearing a mask, so I assumed they have a costume party....
..... and then I had to testify at the police station............ what could he want?
I bet there is a costume party somewhere. Or he needs to get a bag full of costumes across borders.
The best taxi in town, hello......... if this hears the trade office, you surely just misunderstood what I said
Hi there, rockafella, Kropáček here. I need a little favor... You think you could "take care of" lil Pete?
And when do you want me to take care of him? I need to work this evening.
Well, obviously, you take care of him when you have the time.... see ya!
He wants me to babysit some child.
Hi there, they will bring lil Pete in a minute. They took him for a walk, to see if he starts talking.
Starts talking? Oh, he does not talk yet. I know this type.
I must admit I like you, man.
What the hell is the sheet for?!
So I don't mess my car.
You want to take care of him here??
Of course, there is no time to do it somewhere home.
But you understand there is no need to teach him a lesson. Just take care of him.
Sure, sure, no teaching. I won't mess with the way you bring him up.
Hmmm... we sealed his mout shut
Sealed his mouth? Why??!! If he is calm, then its ok and if he screams, I put this in his mouth.
Of course he will scream. They always do.
If you take care properly, the don't. Or if someone they know very well takes care of them.
If a brother takes care of his sister, that is always totally smooth.
I've never heard in my life that a brother would take care of his sister.
And what are the teddy bears for??!!
When I take care of someone... and it takes some time..... they start to feel sad....
... so I give them these.....and its fine....
Oh, there they come.
Come take him over.
What the hell is that?!?!?!
Lil Pete. You could guess why such nickname.
You get the money, when he's taken care of
To be continued.....